what's up YouTube it's California
collectibles here again and I got some
mail in it's Saturday May 5th
also known as Free Comic Book Day and
check it out here are all the books that
I received today I got a lot of mail in
today a lot of really good stuff I will
be doing separate videos on them because
some are random act of kindness packages
and some are cube a packages but I will
go ahead and open a couple right now so
let's check it out all right let's go
ahead and start with the largest box I
received today this is an eBay purchase
[Music]
here we go
mezco hop I figure really really dope
huge Popeye fan cartoons I watched when
I was growing up and I was also in the
Navy so it's really hits home for me
here are all the different figures you
could get got Wimpy Popeye olive oil and
sweet pea Popeye in a Pico outfit and
Bluto yeah this one right here I got
wimpy with this little guy named Jeep
comes with a whole bunch of hamburgers
too he's always in the in the bar or in
the cafe eating hamburgers
this was a lot of three figures olive
oil and sweepy check this out
think of this price this is why I missed
KP toy store $4.99 what a deal really
cool figure baby got her little hat her
purse and a little frame of Popeye same
thing and the last figure in this slot
I got Popeye really cool this is the pea
coat version I am still on the hunt for
the original Popeye but this one comes
with looks like a frame he's a duffel
bag right here got a spinach and them in
a map I'm on the lookout for this guy
right here
I already purchased Bluto on eBay so I
got all of these and I'm just looking
for him
really go figure all right guys here's
another look of the three figures that I
received three Popeye figures these
figures are by mezco peacoat Popeye
wimpy and Jeep and olive oil and sweet
pea a little baby right here I got this
whole lot for $38 shipped it comes out
to be about twelve dollars and sixty
cents each not a bad price at all
considering that each figure is actually
going for twenty to thirty dollars each
sometimes you get lucky and you see
himself for about $11 or $15 alright
this next box is from a fellow
California collector he fries a 29
really really dope youtuber and a great
friend
he's one of my first youtube friends
really awesome and knowledgeable about
Hot Wheels he decided to send me a
random act of kindness slash trade
package I'm gonna send him a package
right
for this after I'm done checking this
stuff out so let's go ahead and jump
right in it alright you got a message
check this out
LJ what's up man I hope you like this
package I really don't know what you're
gonna think of the secret figure but I
know you like artsy stuff hopefully we
can all meet up this year talk to you
soon bro you free z29
yeah he told me about this figure that
he wanted to get me a secret figure so
I'm kind of excited to see what it is
and we are having a California Meetup
but all the details in the plans are
still in the works oh okay let's see
what we got here first we got a grab
zags
super awesome it is a skateboard
already feeling it I'm gonna do a
separate video on that here we got some
where these cold hero weeks you got red
one and a blue one so I'll open those
when I open my grab zags go jumping
right in
oh my gosh check that out
hooking up at the treasure hunt 41
Willys oh my gosh it's so awesome thank
you so much look at that guy that is a
sweet car this is one thing that I knew
about the x-23 right here really dope
figure I had a lot of chances to pick
this up but I actually passed on it
until recently when I wanted it and last
but not least that makes sense
we got Leonardo da Vinci Leonardo da
Vinci figure right here from Assassin's
Creed Brotherhood
I've never played the game so I don't
know what Leonardo da Vinci's role is I
did see this figure in stores a couple
of times but I wasn't really impressed
with like the face sculpt and
articulation or anything but I think
it's such a nice gesture for you to
think outside the box like that that's
so awesome of you I really appreciate
this figure and you know what this will
probably grow on me the funny thing is I
did attempt to pick this up a couple
times so now I got it really cool for
all the other figures you could get I
don't know any of these characters this
guy looks crazy little Joker guy and I
know that's the main character
it's really cool all right so here's
everything that I received from e3 z29
an awesome youtuber one of my favorite
channels on YouTube not only that he's a
good friend he's very trustworthy really
cool guy really laid-back and dude I
can't wait to meet you in person it's
gonna be awesome to hang out
we got the 41 Willys we got heroics grab
zags Leonardo da Vinci and x-23 I'm
definitely gonna send you a dope package
so look out for that you frizzy and um
yeah if you haven't checked out his
channel or subscribe to him feel free to
do that I'll have a link to his channel
down below so feel free to check him out
alright guys that's gonna be the first
part of my unboxing I'm gonna do the
other packages later on as always thanks
for watching feel free to comment rate
subscribe and I'll see you guys next
time take care